_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
# subtitle: "<i>Pronunciation: ee-KAY-choo-koo DAN-yul uh-DEB-ee</i>"

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
I am a second-year Ph.D. student in Computer Science at the <b>[University of Texas at Austin](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/)</b>. My research interests broadly lie at the intersection of <b>robotics</b>, <b>reinforcement learning</b>, <b>representation learning</b>, and <b>program synthesis</b> for the purposes of improving long-term planning and autonomy. Ultimately, I aim to improve a robot’s ability to act, perceive, and learn in complex environments, and ensure that a machine's goals will always align with human goals.

Previously, I received my bachelor's and master's degrees from the <b>[Massachusetts Institute of Technology](https://web.mit.edu/)</b> studying Computer Science with a focus on Artificial Intelligence.

Commit message:

added Kristen Grauman as prof

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
# subtitle: "<i>Pronunciation: ee-KAY-choo-koo DAN-yul uh-DEB-ee</i>"

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---
I am a second-year Ph.D. student in Computer Science at the <b>[University of Texas at Austin](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/)</b>, currently working under <b>[Prof. Kristen Grauman](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~grauman/)</b> My research interests broadly lie at the intersection of <b>robotics</b>, <b>embodied AI</b>, <b>representation learning</b>, and <b>program synthesis</b> for the purposes of improving long-term planning and autonomy. Ultimately, I aim to improve a robot’s ability to act, perceive, and learn in complex environments, and ensure that a machine's goals will always align with human goals.

Previously, I received my bachelor's and master's degrees from the <b>[Massachusetts Institute of Technology](https://web.mit.edu/)</b> studying Computer Science with a focus on Artificial Intelligence.
